---
title: Efficient development languages ​​and frameworks
layout: post
category: en
lang: en
---
We are holding a monthly meetup for open source enthusiasts. We hope our activity could provide you a technical exchange and more opportunity to communicate and share your technology crushes and thoughts.

This month event will be held at No.666 Fuzhou road, Shanghai Jinling Hyperbond Building. We retain the same format as the last meetup, starting with pure technical presentation about one hour (the presentation for this time will be about 'Efficient development languages ​​and frameworks' by [Bruce dou](http://weibo.com/518012961)), then having a quick Q&A by half an hour. this will take about 1+ hours. After a short break, we have prepared some great practical value Workshops to share with you the most useful technology exchange in a more hands-on fashion. We are confident you will bring your experience to share with everyone attending.

We welcome participants to enthusiastically take office to discuss and communicate with everyone. Whether you have a question to ask or want some advice, you will leave with a greater knowledge.

&#149; Bio

[Bruce dou](http://weibo.com/518012961) focuses on PHP,JavaScript(Node.js),Java,Ruby,Python,Erlang,C, internal systems and its languages and principles. Besides he is also concerned open source project, HTML5,Backbone.js,自动化部署,Drupal,Ruby on Rails,Django,Express.js,MySQL,Redis,MC,MongoDB, product design, UX, distributed system, HA and Automated operation and maintenance etc.
